hi my name is Katie droppings and I'm
one of the UK's leading specialists and
permanent makeup just to put your mind
at ease I'd like to show you how a
perfect treatment should be performed
just a bit of background information
about myself I started my career as an
artist and I've sold my artworks
internationally it's what gives me the
edge when it comes to performing
permanent makeup procedures on my
clients I'm also an author of a number
of permanent makeup box and I'm also a
professional head trainer in permanent
makeup
the creme de la creme was previously won
by Sir Richard Branson you can see me
here in my first salon which had took
from zero to very successful in five
years here's me taking a before picture
so that I can show the quite fabulous
results after a thorough consultation
and know that my client wants her
Cupid's File rounding off on her lips
and also the color brightening up I
already know exactly which color to
choose that
I show my client a mirror and see if
there are any changes you'd like to make
to the ship with all the treatment takes
place this client was worried about
feeling any pain so I apply topical
anesthetic to the area
I'm using a medical-grade
micropigmentation machine all needles
are sterile and disposable you may be
thinking that the color is very bright
but once it heals into the skin it will
look very natural
you can now start to see the finish work
I apply a vitamin aftercare I provide
for all of my clients and then also send
away with the written aftercare out of
her next top of the pie
I was recommended by about 40 people to
Korea and then about six month about it
and I got my eyebrows done and as very
lucid answers we came back
oh absolutely this is the best I think
I'm sure she wasn't going to have it
yeah excellent lovely thank you
recommended okay I was recommended to KC
boyfriend amazing I cannot stop look in
the mirror anything it pictures any pink
of just looking my bracelet you think
I'd absolutely love him so so please oh
absolutely great I mean the best thing
since sliced bread yes yes she's a true
artist didn't didn't hurt and I'm a
robot I'm so pleased with them and I've
read it if you're thinking about it
don't have it done oh the bad times are
over just starting fantastic brilliant
thanks to that
this is Katie just to say I hope you
found the video informative and if
you've got any further questions about
permanent makeup please don't hesitate
to get in touch I look forward to
hearing from you soon